I just talked briefly.
You said you're wearing your Wisconsin jacket, and you say, I earned it.
I played football.
I played football in Madison and loved it.
And I was, thank God, I wasn't really quite fast enough, and I wasn't big enough going to the pros, because I would have.
Oh, Christ, I love playing football.
You're tough enough.
Fool on that.
Well, I wasn't big enough, and I went fast enough.
Big Ten football is tough football.
Well, we were number two my junior year, and my claims to fame in football are that I played.
And I'm the last Big Ten player to have played a 60-minute game.
Okay.
And my senior year was the last year in which they didn't have, you know,
Didn't have a limited subject.
You did not have unlimited subject.
Did this, for the record, tell you the positions once again?
I was left guard and middle on offense and middle linebacker on defense.
You worked pretty good.
You don't look like you'd get any injuries or anything.
That's why I was so lucky.
If I had a guy in the pro football, I know what would happen.
I mean, it's ridiculous for someone my size to talk about it today, but this was 1956.
That's 40 years ago.
And at 200, I was big enough for the Big Ten.
If I'd have been 210, I would have been big enough for the pros.
I could have played linebacker in the pros.
If I'd have done that, I lasted three, four years.
You didn't pay all that much in those years.
And I wouldn't be able to rock today.
All these guys, their knees, I mean, it just takes such a pounding, and I would.
And so I was very lucky that I wasn't good enough.
That would have been a four-year delay in getting started in my career, and... It would have been different.
It really would have been different.
Again, we talk about these little moments.
We don't know what they could have bring, but there's one right there.
Before we go out, I may have kindly inscribed this for me.
If you want it.
I'm super glad you can stop it.
We need the tape anyway.